Figure 1. Branch-dependent population and single-cell TLR4 dynamics in macrophages.
(A) IKK kinase and NFκB EMSA assays in BMDMs responding to 1 ng/mL and 100 ng/mL LPS. Population dynamics are persistent, where MyD88-related activity occurs earlier and more transiently, and TRIF-related activity occurs later, over a longer time scale.
(B) Heatmap of responses in RAW264.7 macrophages tagged with EYFP-p65, where each row represents the nuclear translocation dynamics of one cell).
(C) Fourier transforms taken of single cells (black lines) and averaged (orange line). At moderate doses, a characteristic periodic signature emerges. Peak activity in all doses occurs with a period of 2.1-2.6 hrs. 
(D) [not done, I think it should be a small-multiples set showing or describing desynchronization]


Figure 2. Modeling single-cell TLR4 dynamics 
(A) Simplified reaction schema.
[I think this is a potentially more helpful diagram than the current "module structure". Still not sure where all we should go with this figure - there definitely needs to be an introduction to how we're making the ensemble model (i.e. what we're varying), and some idea of how well it recapitulates data]


Figure 3. The MyD88 signalsome structure causes saturation in IKK and NFκB dynamics
(A) The maximum amplitude, generally achieved in the first peak of the LPS response, saturates within 1-2 orders of magnitude above the minimum detection level.
(B) Quantified IKK dynamics (assayed in BMDMs, figure S4) show a similar trend: cells with the MyD88 branch show peak IKK saturation across a narrow dose range.
(C) The MyDdosome assembly model [Do we have the source file for this still?]
(D) The Hill coefficient vs. the effective kf/kb of MyD88 activation.
(E) [not done, I think model fit works well - should show both IKK and NFkB saturation as a function of changing Hill]



Figure 4. MyD88-dependent signaling dictates response speed.
[nothing done - 1st peak time and "velocity" (time from baseline to first peak) in single cells vs model - similar to current "dynamic features" model, show that these quantities only change with dose in the MyD88 branch.]



Figure 5. TRIF-dependent signaling is noisy, and encoded in activity duration
(A) Integrated NFκB activity continues to increase, even at higher doses.
(B) Plotting the average cell's duration (normalized to total lifetime) above threshold values. Higher doses, though saturated in amplitude, can be further encoded as prolonged responses.



Figure 6. IRF3 signaling and secondary NFκB activity are TRIF-dependent.
(A) Nuclear and phosphroylated nuclear IRF3 in BMDMs responding to 1 ng/mL and 100 ng/mL LPS
[nothing else yet, but I propose holding off on the "IRF3" gel and module to this point, then show that it scales with dose very similarly to secondary NFκB activity (we have data for 50ng/mL and 500ng/mL LPS, which seems to be a good prediction/verification of "TRIF activation strength is widely distributed in a population of cells")] 